good so you have a very popular YouTube
channel for those who do not know on
which you do fun things that combine
chemistry engineering etc right and look
it's like one of the things you did
recently I thought it was pretty great
was you wanted to see they always say
sharks can smell a drop of blood in the
water can you tested that that's right
and went out to the Bahamas and yeah
they they can't smell human blood but
it's not like you would think where it's
like from two miles away a single drop
right at some point we'd like to
actually main blind ourselves and put a
bunch of blood in the water and they're
like it's kind of interesting but it
wasn't like a feeding they'd like it to
be a pudding that's right yeah so last
year you made this video and of course I
would imagine you had no idea it would
become such a sensation but the premise
was people are stealing porch pirates
are stealing packages and you put tell
them what you put in the back so like
yeah basically I had a package stolen I
gave the footage of the police and they
wouldn't they didn't know like what do
you want us to do right right so I was
like I'm a mechanical engineer I spent
seven years working on the freakin
Curiosity rover at NASA if anything's
gonna do something about these the
Curiosity rover yeah right so it was
like a box and then it was a bait
package when they lift the lid it was
like a POW like a pound of the world's
finest glitter just sprayed out at them
but we also had four phones in there so
we could record it but that also allowed
you to track it and then upload the
footage to the cloud so we put that out
and then after that we also sprayed like
a bunch of fart spray of course well you
have as what does you don't want it to
be - I buy it but where did that is like
we wanted to recover the box cause it
had four phones so that it encourages
them to throw it out of their house and
know exists with it right right so
you've done it again brought us a clip
in the new video that's right for 2019
and you need to tell us anything about
what precedes the video we are about to
see yeah I mean I just say like the
improvement from last year obviously we
doubled the fart spray as one does sure
and then we added like a countdown so
nothing happens at the end of the
countdown but they don't know that scary
- yeah and then also some police
scanners which is also where well let's
take a look
[Music]
Oh
I love it somebody getting these people
so I am going to produce a show with you
you're starring in it for discovery it's
called revenge of the nerd and in this
show what will you be doing
so basically pranking people who violate
social norms yes kind of like that so if
someone you know their dog poops they
don't pick up their dog's poop Jimmy now
build a catapult will launch it at their
house and besides improving the world in
stupid ways you have been you were doing
something that really is honestly quite
amazing tell about this this well you
have it on your shirt right yeah yeah so
true team trees so myself and another
youtuber mr. beast we got a bunch of our
like YouTube friends together and we
kind of wanted to end this decade on a
positive note especially with regard to
the environment so we had a goal to
plant 20 million trees by 2020 and so we
partnered with the Arbor Day Foundation
that way they agreed for for every
dollar we could raise they would plant
one tree so really in two months we were
trying to plant we're trying to raise
twenty million dollars which is crazy
yeah I know you told me this I was like
this sounds about yeah people don't care
that much about trees yeah I was wrong
you were wrong yeah how much so as of
right now we've raised 19 million five
hundred thousand dollars
[Applause]
[Music]
that's pretty great and how can people
donate if they want to donate a tree
they could donate one tree if they want
right right and literally if you if you
donate a dollar it's like one more tree
will exist in the world than if you
wouldn't about can you pick the tree
like and I say I'd like a hazelnut okay
so it's team trees org uh-huh and you go
there and just $1 plants one tree $1
plants a tree and if you want to see the
full new glitter-bombed video for 2019
go to mark rover's YouTube channel it's
all right there mark Rober everybody
thank you hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back
this holiday season buy my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and drew it all
the money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country and if you
don't support that you are a box